README.md, before:

ShimSham
========

ShimSham is a Nim module to encompass several different digest/hashing algorithms. So far included are [Sha2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2), [Tiger](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_%28cryptography%29), and [Whirlpool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whirlpool_%28cryptography%29). Hopefully there will be some more soon.

Unfortunately, there isn't a common access interface yet. A fuller README and some usage examples will come soon.

For Sha256 (of SHA-2), try:

```nim
import sha256

var message = "My message to hash"
var m = initSha256(message) ## initializes and `Sha256` object with `message`
echo m ## gives "aefd1872a4eb24a79a1e727aa8c41ebde794451c0ca89a0e3abe82e45a477afc"
```
You can also use `initSha224` if that's what you want.

`initSha384` and `initSha512` are available in the sha512 module.

`initWhirlpool` works in the same way.

For the Tiger hash, here's how you call:
```nim
import tiger

echo tiger("") ## gives "24f0130c63ac933216166e76b1bb925ff373de2d49584e7a"
```

The Tiger hash way seems cleaner, and all functions might switch to that soon.

Commit message:

Added utility functions and updated README

README.md, after:


ShimSham
========

ShimSham is a Nim module to encompass several different digest/hashing algorithms. So far included are [SHA-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2), [Tiger](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_%28cryptography%29), and [Whirlpool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whirlpool_%28cryptography%29). Hopefully there will be some more soon.

Unfortunately, there isn't a common access interface yet.

For the Tiger hash, here's how you call:
```nim
import tiger

echo tiger("") ## gives "24f0130c63ac933216166e76b1bb925ff373de2d49584e7a"
echo tiger("abc") ## gives "f258c1e88414ab2a527ab541ffc5b8bf935f7b951c132951"
```

The other hashes work in the same way. The *whirlpool* module provides the `whirlpool` function. The *sha512* module provides `sha512` and `sha384`. The *sha256* module provides `sha256` and `sha224`. 

You can get more fine-tuned control with the following type of code:

```nim
import sha256

var message = "My message to hash"
var m = initSha256(message) ## initializes and `Sha256` object with `message`
echo m ## gives "aefd1872a4eb24a79a1e727aa8c41ebde794451c0ca89a0e3abe82e45a477afc"
```
You can also use `initSha224` if that's what you want.

`initSha384` and `initSha512` are available in the sha512 module.

`initWhirlpool` works in the same way.

Unfortunately, the Tiger module doesn't support this yet (it also has some various weird problems, which you'll see if you walk through the code).
